The party travels to [[Silverymoon]] and meet up with [[Golly Gennerico]] who invites them to a soiree at [[Platomi Nakaza]] to thank David for saving her and her family during The Culling. [[Platomi Nakaza]] is a tower where businessmen chat and Yap. The party arrives late to the party. An elf guard with a crossbow waves them in and tells them a bit about the tower and gives them a blue sending stone to report back when they leave, so he can check them off the list. They meet [[Harry Ellis]], who is a corporate ladder climber, and he. is directing the couriers to soiree and brings the party to where the soiree will be. 
Before they get there Granz Huber takes over and says in an hour if the city does not interfere, he will let everyone go. [[Harry Ellis]] gets kidnapped by a guard, and acid is spilled on the ground. The party is trapped behind giant wooden doors. After breaking through the wooden doors, they figure out a way to traverse the acid on the ground and walk into a room, only to see that all of the living party guests have been strung up under a statue with acid below them. The party sees the kidnapper of [[Harry Ellis]] and two other elves along with their communication stone. Granz says to hurry with the hostages through the stone.
Buddy, after not speaking for a long time, finally starts to talk. The party fights Tony and the two other guards. [[Golly Gennerico|Golly]] explains that the caterers went mad and attacked everyone, and they're holding [[Harry Ellis|Ellis]] at knifepoint upstairs, and they're going to break into the vault. She says to get the keys from Granz. She explains that there is an artifact left by Wizards in the vaults. After searching the office, they find some gold, wine, potions, along with drugs and carvings of a hand with an eye in the palm. 
The party encounters the dead man, Jorn M'a'khlayn, and steal his dagger Quippee Ki Yay, along with a wedding ring.