Long ago, many Gods ruled over Torvail. Tyr the Just God, Tymora the weaver of fortune, The all-knowing Oghma, Mystra the Goddess of magic, and others governed Torvail from on high in their golden court. They often would commune with the mortals in the early days of Torvail, but, as time went on and humanity became more intelligent, they limited contact except to their trusted servants and doers of extreme deeds. The average citizen of Torvail would never meet one of these Gods until judgement. This went on for millennia, the exact number of years lost to time. This stable time of peace went unchallenged, that is until The Calamity.

The start of The Calamity is unknown. Some say it had to do with disturbances in the weave, that great mystical force that binds all peoples and creatures together. Others say it was envy that started The Calamity. Others still claim it was caused by a powerful wizard seeking immortality. Whatever started it does not matter. What does matter is the aftermath. Man-Gods sprung up and decided they wanted to rule Torvail, so they devised a plan to kill the Elder Gods and usurp their thrones. 

Eventually they succeeded in their plans, but only after causing great destruction to Torvail, damaging cities beyond repair, decimating entire peoples. Causing destruction as easily as you breath. Millions died in the brutality caused by the Man-God wars. After decades fighting, The Calamity finally ended. The new rulers of Torvail, these Man-Gods, controlled this plane with fear, disgust, and loathing. They demanded tribute and threatened death. Thinking that no being, alive or dead, could ever stop their rule. That would be their downfall.
From the decaying bodies of the Elder Gods came four beings named Furta, Odium, Vesania, Mors, and Imputresco. These vile creatures of filth and evil came to be known as The Putrid. They laid siege to the Man-Gods, killing them mercilessly, ushering in a new era of darkness, evil, and death.

The decaying bodies of the Elder Gods also gave birth to 13 more God-Like beings after The Putrid claimed control over Torvail. These God-Like are weaker than The Putrid, but they have the power to help the poor inhabitants of Torvail gain power of their own... for a price. These 13 God-Likes, quickly realizing that they would be hunted by The Putrid, split up and hid. Some hid in the minor settlements that are starting to spring up, some hid in the high mountains, some hid in the deep earth, and some hid in the hidden places that not even The Putrid know about.
The location of the festering corpses of The Elder Gods has long been forgotten. Great magic on the part of The Putrid has kept them hidden from the prying mortal eyes. When The Putrid need to counsel together they meet at the still rotting corpses, gaining even more power from these ancient beings.
	
Years have past since the birth of the God-Like. Many more minor deities have been born from The Putrid. These Putrid Thralls, while less powerful than The Putrid, have great power of their own. They go about doing the whims of there masters, causing destruction with every step. Mortals have encountered these beings of darkness and have been taken by them to become slaves of The Putrid. 

The God-Likes seek out these vile manifestations of darkness and strive to end them, hoping that each Thrall killed would weaken their master’s power by just a bit. These skirmishes often last for days and scar the land for miles around. So far only a few handful of Thralls have been slain by the God-Likes, each quickly replaced by a new more terrible Thrall shortly after.

Despite these struggles humanity and other races have begun the long process of taking back the land that used to belong to them. Thromps, hamlets, villages, and even a few cities have risen from the ashes of ages past, eternally fighting against the rot and decomposition that seeks to claim every inch of the land. These outposts of morality contain a mixture of humans, elves, dwarves, gnomes, and hobbits all intermarrying, slowly blurring the lines between species. Life is hard for the inhabitants of these bastions of hope and light, but they continue to push on. Working so that one day the lives of their children will be easier than their own lives are. 

Not all people want to live in the order of a society built on rules, some desire the chaos that The Putrid and their Thralls promise. These people make traveling alone outside of settlements dangerous. They often raid these outposts of hope. Sometimes for food, supplies, and slaves, other times just to kill all who live there. The lives of these outcasts in no easier than the lives of those in an ordered society, but at least they are free. Or so they believe.

The constant battle for life leave all desperate for the type of peace that not even the elders remember. They read about how Torvail once was a peaceful world full of interesting people and creatures. They read about how great Dwarven Kingdoms used to be, dug right into the mountains, extracting resources to fuel their hoards. They read about the beautiful Elven forests full of Fae and Friends. They read about great Human cities spanning for miles with their giant ports, fantastic keeps, and powerful walls.

They read about epic heroes risking life and limb for glory, treasure, and powerful magic. They read about beasts that prowled the land, searching for their next meal. They read about great dragons that patrolled the skies in search of treasure. They read about many fantastic things of the past, but most believe these to be works of fiction meant to give a sense of hope to the young. No decent person honestly believed that most of these fantastical stories actually existed.

Those that do believe these stories are often driven to explore the surroundings of their homes, hoping to find a relic from the past to bring home for honor and glory. Most adventures do not return from these journeys. Of the few that do, even fewer find anything. This doesn’t stop the relentless spirit of exploration. In fact, in the biggest city of Nevwiter an adventurer’s guild has sprung up. It is there that ancient artifacts such as gauntlets that give you immense strength, circlets that imbue the wearer with wisdom, and other magical objects are kept under the watchful eye of Aetherios the Collector. Aetherios is ancient, well older than any of the people in Nevwiter.	
