This Sci-fi book set in the near future on Earth's largest satellite the Moon. It is told through the eyes of Mannie, a one armed computer repair man turned revolutionist. This book shows the tyranny of a distant government, the power of computers, and the beautiful idea of [[TANSTAAFL]]! 
I feel this book is a good warning on the dangers that a distant government poses. While many governments aren't inherently far from their citizens physically, they are often far from their citizens in other important ways. 
In America (and other countries) those in charge often are so detached from the average voter that they don't understand how the policies they pass into laws would affect them. For example, currently their is a large push in America to push Electric Vehicles (EV) on the average consumer. I personally want to belive this push is coming from a hope to imporve our environment by limiting gas emmissions (this is assuming the cars themselves produce less carbon emmisions in the manufactering and decommisioning process than gas or hybrid cars and the power generation to recharge these cars is cleaner) and not something more nefarious. The issue is that most EVs are too expensive for the average citizen and there inst enough infrastructure in place to make these cars very viable which only decreases the allure of purchasing one.
This is a problem because if the govenrment introduces a tax on emissive vehicles this would dirastically impact the normal voter. Those in government however would not notice this because many already have an EV, live in an area with plenty of EV infrastructure, or have enough money for this not to matter.
In *The Moon is a Harsh Mistress* we see something similar when those in charge of the Moon on Earth offer a settlement that would equate to slavery for the lunar residents. They introduce this settlement because they don't understand lunar culture and how the "Loonies" would react.

tags:
[[Books]], [[Politics]]
